NXDOC-2071: Directory.LoadFromCSV documentation (#1442)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-content: src/nxdoc/nuxeo-server/data-store/data-modeling/data-lists-and-directories.md

*   `dataFile`: CSV file from which data are read to populate the directory, depending on the other following properties.
*   `dataFileCharacterSeparator`: The character used to separate entries in the `dataFile`. (Defaults to `,`)

> *   `createTablePolicy`: Indicates how to control the creation/update of underlying table for SQL, or collection for MongoDB. Three values are allowed: `never` if nuxeo must not create/update table structure, `on_missing_columns` if there is a schema. change to apply, `always` if nuxeo should **drop** the table and re-create it.
> *   `dataLoadingPolicy`: Indicates how the `dataFile` will be used to populate the directory. Five valuse are allowed: `legacy` (the default), `never_load` if the `dataFile` is never used, `skip_duplicate` if `dataFile` contains existing entry to ignore, `reject_duplicate` if `dataFile`  must **not** contain existing entry and `update_duplicate` if `dataFile` contains existing entry to update. 
>   See below all the policy combinaisons and their effects (AD is for autoincrement directory):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   `createTablePolicy`: Indicates how to control the creation/update of underlying table for SQL, or collection for MongoDB. Three values are allowed:
    *   `never`: if nuxeo must not create/update table structure.
    *   `on_missing_columns`: if there is a schema change to apply.
    *   `always`: if nuxeo should **drop** the table and re-create it.
*   `dataLoadingPolicy`: Indicates how the `dataFile` will be used to populate the directory. Five valuse are allowed:
    *   `legacy`: (the default).
    *   `never_load`: `dataFile` is never used.
    *   `skip_duplicate`: `dataFile` may contain existing entries that will be ignored.
    *   `reject_duplicate`: `dataFile` must **not** contain existing entries.
    *   `update_duplicate`: `dataFile` may contains existing entries that will be updated.

See below all the policy combinations and their effects (AD is for autoincrement directory):
```

| `never`              | `skip_duplicate`   | No           | Yes        | No          |
| `never`              | `reject_duplicate` | No           | Yes        | No          |
| `never`              | `update_duplicate` | No           | Yes        | No          |
| `on_missing_columns` | `legacy`           | First time   | First time | No          |
| `on_missing_columns` | `never_load`       | First time   | No         | No          |
| `on_missing_columns` | `skip_duplicate`   | First time   | Yes        | No          |
| `on_missing_columns` | `reject_duplicate` | First time   | Yes        | No          |
| `on_missing_columns` | `update_duplicate` | First time   | Yes        | No          |
| `always`             | `legacy`           | Yes          | Yes        | Yes         |
| `always`             | `never_load`       | Yes          | Yes        | Yes         |
| `always`             | `skip_duplicate`   | Yes          | Yes        | Yes         |
| `always`             | `reject_duplicate` | Yes          | Yes        | Yes         |
| `always`             | `update_duplicate` | Yes          | Yes        | Yes         |

> 

Reviewer: Not needed.
